OpenCTI Feed (#8942)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedOpenCTI/Integrations/FeedOpenCTI/README.md

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for OpenCTI Feed.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| apikey | API Key | True |
| base_url | Base URL | True |
| indicator_types | Indicators Type to fetch | True |
| max_indicator_to_fetch | Max. indicators per fetch \(default is 500\) | False |
| feed | Fetch indicators | False |
| feedReputation | Indicator Reputation | False |
| feedReliability | Source Reliability | True |
| feedExpirationPolicy |  | False |
| feedExpirationInterval |  | False |
| feedFetchInterval | Feed Fetch Interval | False |
| feedTags | Tags | False |
| feedBypassExclusionList | Bypass exclusion list | False |
| insecure | Trust any certificate \(not secure\) | False |
| proxy | Use system proxy settings | False |

#### Indicator type parameter
Possible values that are supported in XSOAR and will be generated out of the box:

| **Types** |
| --- |
| ALL |
| User-Account |
| Domain |
| Email-Address| 
| File-md5| 
|File-sha1| |
|File-sha256|
|HostName| 
|IPV4-Addr|
|IPV6-Addr| 
|Registry-Key-Value|
|URL|
 

> The following types are supported in OpenCTI but are not supported out of the box in XSOAR. To pull these indicator types from OpenCTI you will need to either create a dedicated [classification and mapping](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/incidents/incident-classification-mapping) and/or create a corresponding indicator type in your XSOAR system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following types are supported in OpenCTI but are not supported out of the box in XSOAR. To pull these indicator types from OpenCTI you will need to either create dedicated [classification and mapping](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/incidents/incident-classification-mapping) and/or create corresponding indicator types in your XSOAR system.
```

| **Types** |
| --- |
|autonomous-system|
|cryptographic-key|
|cryptocurrency-wallet|
|email-subject|
|directory|
|file-name|
|file-path|
|mac-addr|
|mutex|
|pdb-path|
|process|
|registry-key-value|
|user-agent|
|windows-service-name|
|windows-service-display-name|
|windows-scheduled-task|
|x509-certificate-issuer|

> |x509-certificate-serial-number|

Reviewer 2: @amshamah419 Can you review this as it was added manually?

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Demisto CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
### opencti-get-indicators
***
Gets indicators from the feed.

#### Base Command

`opencti-get-indicators`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| limit | The maximum number of indicators to return per fetch. The default value is "50". | Optional | 

> | indicator_types | The indicator types to fetch. Possible values are: "ALL", "User-Account", "Domain", "Email-Address", "File-md5", "File-sha1", "File-sha256", "HostName", "IPV4-Addr", "IPV6-Addr", "Registry-Key-Value", "URL" That they are supported in XSOAR, or another unsupported type, a clear explanation and the list of all types appears in the README. The default is "ALL". | Optional | 

Reviewer: This isn't really clear. What are you trying to convey after you list the possible values?

Ingest indicator feeds from OpenCTI.
## Configure OpenCTI Feed on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for OpenCTI Feed.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| apikey | API Key | True |
| base_url | Base URL | True |
| indicator_types | Indicators Type to fetch | True |
| max_indicator_to_fetch | Max. indicators per fetch \(default is 500\) | False |
| feed | Fetch indicators | False |
| feedReputation | Indicator Reputation | False |
| feedReliability | Source Reliability | True |
| feedExpirationPolicy |  | False |
| feedExpirationInterval |  | False |
| feedFetchInterval | Feed Fetch Interval | False |
| feedTags | Tags | False |
| feedBypassExclusionList | Bypass exclusion list | False |
| insecure | Trust any certificate \(not secure\) | False |
| proxy | Use system proxy settings | False |

> ####The indicator types parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Indicator types parameter
```

> The Possible values that they are supported in XSOAR are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Possible values that are supported in XSOAR and will be generated automatically:
```

| **Types** |
| --- |
| ALL |
| User-Account |
| Domain |
| Email-Address| 
| File-md5| 
|File-sha1| |
|File-sha256|
|HostName| 
|IPV4-Addr|
|IPV6-Addr| 
|Registry-Key-Value|
|URL|
 

> or another type that they are supported in OpenCTI,
> But for that you need to create a Indicator Type on XSOAR with the specific type you want or create or a classification.
> they are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following types are supported in OpenCTI but are not supported out of the box in XSOAR. To pull these indicator types from OpenCTI you will need to either create a dedicated [classification and mapping](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/incidents/incident-classification-mapping) and/or create a corresponding indicator type in your XSOAR system.

```

| **Types** |
| --- |
|autonomous-system|
|cryptographic-key|
|cryptocurrency-wallet|
|email-subject|
|directory|
|file-name|

> |ile-path|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|file-path|
```
